README.md, before:

# chalhoub_croup

note : please make sure you have installed the lastest version of android studio on your device.

1 clone the project by running the following command:

`git clone https://github.com/yazan837/chalhoub_croup.git`

2 cd into the project directory

3 run the following command to install the dependencies:

`yarn install`

4 run the following command to run the app on adroid:

`yarn run android`

5 run the following command to run the app on ios:

`yarn run ios`

run the following command to run the test :
`yarn test`

test cases in this app :
tests for rendering components ui and for data fetching from the server.
tests for navigation works.

you can download the app for android from the following link :
` https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w3cnmdBlRi4rarEY4_czCjoRrzHQ-IaL/view?usp=sharing`

I'm sorry but I can't share ios app because I have windows and as you khnow we need mac and X-code to generate IOS .

you can check the app log on bitries from the following link :
`https://app.bitrise.io/build/285d0a5f-363a-4854-974f-9d5395977ab7`
`https://app.bitrise.io/build/921b2f9d-37e0-4253-bd5b-e52e267d4038`

Commit message:

add information about the app

README.md, after:

# chalhoub_croup

this project is a simple implementation of the chalhoub croup test for the
[]: # Language: javascript
technique : # react-native

it is a simple app that contain page to display the products and after choosing it's display
its details and the user can see some information like image , price , description and other detailes
for the product .
profile page that display the user information like name , email , phone number , address , and some other information

note : please make sure you have installed the lastest version of android studio on your device.

1 clone the project by running the following command:

`git clone https://github.com/yazan837/chalhoub_croup.git`

2 cd into the project directory

3 run the following command to install the dependencies:

`yarn install`

4 run the following command to run the app on adroid:

`yarn run android`

5 run the following command to run the app on ios:

`yarn run ios`

run the following command to run the test :
`yarn test`

test cases in this app :
tests for rendering components ui and for data fetching from the server.
tests for navigation works.

you can download the app for android from the following link :
` https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w3cnmdBlRi4rarEY4_czCjoRrzHQ-IaL/view?usp=sharing`

I'm sorry but I can't share ios app because I have windows and as you khnow we need mac and X-code to generate IOS .

you can check the app log on bitries from the following link :
`https://app.bitrise.io/build/285d0a5f-363a-4854-974f-9d5395977ab7`
`https://app.bitrise.io/build/921b2f9d-37e0-4253-bd5b-e52e267d4038`
